[CHORE] Add correction on RN's ASYNC initialization doc (#36684)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/sdk/advanced_config/react_native.mdoc.md

    );
}
```

> When initializing the SDK in ASYNC mode, the SDK uses React Native's [requestIdleCallback][16] to run the initialization code after all animations and UI rendering have settled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When initializing the SDK asynchronously, the SDK uses React Native's [requestIdleCallback][16] to run the initialization code after all animations and UI rendering have settled.
```

> This uses React Native's [requestIdleCallback][16] https://reactnative.dev/docs/global-requestIdleCallback to run the initialization code after all animations and UI rendering has settled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This uses React Native's [requestIdleCallback][16] to run the initialization code after all animations and UI rendering have settled.
```

> This uses React Native's [requestIdleCallback][16] https://reactnative.dev/docs/global-requestIdleCallback to run the initialization code after all animations and UI rendering has settled.

Reviewer: Ideally, we spell out what "this" is referring to. Does "This code" or "This function" work?

Author: Yes, that's better.

Changes at [09db50c](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/36684/commits/09db50c439aa039867f354284aeb4109c7ff2924)

> When initializing the SDK in ASYNC mode, the SDK uses React Native's [requestIdleCallback][16] https://reactnative.dev/docs/global-requestIdleCallback to run the initialization code after all animations and UI rendering have settled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When initializing the SDK in ASYNC mode, the SDK uses React Native's [requestIdleCallback][16] to run the initialization code after all animations and UI rendering have settled.
```

> When initializing the SDK in ASYNC mode, the SDK will use React Native's [requestIdleCallback][16] https://reactnative.dev/docs/global-requestIdleCallback to run the initialization code after all animations and UI rendering have settled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When initializing the SDK in ASYNC mode, the SDK uses React Native's [requestIdleCallback][16] https://reactnative.dev/docs/global-requestIdleCallback to run the initialization code after all animations and UI rendering have settled.
```

> If this function is not available, the SDK uses React Native's [InteractionManager.runAfterInteractions][17] to delay its initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `requestIdleCallback` is not available, the SDK uses React Native's [InteractionManager.runAfterInteractions][17] to delay its initialization.
```

> If this is not available, it will rely on React Native's [InteractionManager.runAfterInteractions][17] to achieve the same result.

Reviewer: Same feedback here - be explicit about what "this" and "it" are referring to. Ideally, "same result" is also a bit more explicit.

Author: I agree as well.

Changes at [09db50c](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/36684/commits/09db50c439aa039867f354284aeb4109c7ff2924)

> If this function is not available, the SDK will fall back to React Native's [InteractionManager.runAfterInteractions][17] to delay its initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this function is not available, the SDK uses React Native's [InteractionManager.runAfterInteractions][17] to delay its initialization.
```
